We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human.
Sometimes it is the people no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Mathematical reasoning may be regarded rather schematically as the exercise of a combination of two faculties, which we may call intuition and ingenuity.
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.
The original question, 'Can machines think?' I believe to be too meaningless to deserve discussion.
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the President of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
If a machine is expected to be infallible, it cannot also be intelligent.
Those who can imagine anything, can create the impossible.
I believe that at the end of the century the use of words and general educated opinion will have altered so much that one will be able to speak of machines thinking without expecting to be contradicted.
It is possible to invent a single machine which can be used to compute any computable sequence.
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine.
The isolated man does not develop any intellectual power. It is necessary for him to be immersed in an environment of other men.
The majority of them seem to be 'sub critical' ... A smallish proportion are supercritical.
Do you know why people like violence? It is because it feels good.
Finding such a person makes everyone else appear so ordinary...
It seems probable that once the machine thinking method had started, it would not take long to outstrip our feeble powers.
One day ladies will take their computers for walks in the park and tell each other, 'My little computer said such a funny thing this morning'.
It is not possible to produce a set of rules purporting to describe what a man should do in every conceivable circumstance.
In the time of Galileo it was argued that texts ... were an adequate refutation of the Copernican theory.
Conjectures are of great importance since they suggest useful lines of research.
Let us return for a moment to Lady Lovelace’s objection, which stated that the machine can only do what we tell it to do.
Machines can only do what we tell them to do.
I am not very impressed with theological arguments whatever they may be used to support.
We are not interested in the fact that the brain has the consistency of cold porridge.
I'm afraid that the following syllogism may be used by some in the future. Turing believes machines think. Turing lies with men. Therefore machines do not think. Yours in distress, Alan.
Instead of trying to produce a program to simulate the adult mind, why not rather try to produce one which simulates the child's?
The new form of the problem can be described in terms of a game which we call the 'imitation game.'
A very large part of space-time must be investigated, if reliable results are to be obtained.
The popular view that scientists proceed inexorably from well-established fact to well-established fact ... is quite mistaken.
An idea presented to such a mind will on average give rise to less than one idea in reply.
Animals’ minds seem to be very definitely sub-critical.
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see a lot there that needs to be done.
I'm only a mathematician, not a prophet.
I propose to consider the question, 'Can machines think?'
The search for new techniques must be regarded as carried out by the human community as a whole, rather than by individuals.
I have such a stressful job, I do not have much time for anything else but work.
I’ve now got myself into the kind of trouble that I have always considered to be quite a possibility for me...No doubt I shall emerge from it all a different man, but quite who I’ve not found out.
The majority of mathematical arguments, even when they are correct, are not rigorous in the sense in which this is meant today.
We may regard programming a machine to be analogous to teaching a child.
The idea behind digital computers may be explained by saying that these machines are intended to carry out any operations which could be done by a human computer.
The isolated man does not develop any intellectual power.
I'm not telling you it's going to be easy. I'm telling you it's going to be worth it.
Intelligent machinery, a heretical theory...
What we want is a machine that can learn from experience.
There is, however, one consideration which we must not overlook.
I’m not interested in developing a powerful brain—I’m after a mediocre brain.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Men are only men, Machines, all together, never so much.
We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely intellectual fields.
Can machines think?


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































